And here we go for one of the most exciting steps of this whole implementation in this case study.
This is the step where we build the artificial brain of our AI.
And speaking of artificial brain let's have a look at it again.
I've prepared this slide for you and I will give it to you in the finals that folder of this case study.
And so here is the artificial brain that we will build in more scientific terms.
We call it a fully connected neural network simply because as you can see the layers which is this first
hidden layer here and this one are fully connected all the neurons of this first layer here are connected
to the neurons of this second layer here.
And so of course we have on the left well our input state vector composed of these three elements the
server temperature the number of users and the rate of data at any time t..
Then we have the first layer which will be composed of 64 neurons.
So here of course they can represent 64 neurons but this is the right scale because indeed in the second
hidden layer we'll get half of the number of neurons we had in the here and there that is we'll get
32 hidden neurons and then finally of course after the input our forward propagated into this new one
that work well in the end we'll get not the actions directly but the q values for each of the five actions
which I remind our actions 0 is the action that cools down the server by 3 degrees.
Action 1 is the action that cools down the server by 1.5 degrees.
Action 2 is the action that doesn't transfer any heat to the server.
Then action 3 is the action that will heat up the server by 1.5 degrees.
And finally the action for is the action that will heat up the server by 3 degrees.
And again at a specific time and the union of time will be the minute.
So this is only for the inference that is you know when the inputs are for propagate propagated to get
some outputs which are the predictions.
But then of course for the training we will also consider the back propagation because as soon as the
AI makes a prediction here well we will compare that prediction to a target because this will incur
less error and we will back propagate the last error back into the neural network and then using interrupta
miser.
We will update all these ways.
You know all the way it's corresponding to each of these neurons here through stochastic gradient descent
to get some new weights that will perform overtime some better actions.
There is some better regulations of the surface temperature.
All right so here we go.
That's it for the brain and now.
Well let's build it.
So we're going to go back to Python.
And first of course what we have to do is to import the libraries because indeed this implementation
is huge enough to not build this new network from scratch.
So of course we will build it the most efficient way and the most efficient way today to build a neural
network such as our brain here is with Chris Chris is an amazing library for deep learning built by
Francois surely and it allows you to build some powerful deep neural networks with only a few lines
of code and that's because it is super well written.
So you have to know about keras and especially when you're doing artificial intelligence you want to
have some tools that will save you some time to build the neural networks and again you will see that
the artificial brain and here that we're about to build will be built in a class that will call the
brain class and therefore our artificial neural networks that is our artificial brains will become objects
and again we will be able to create as many as we want so that we can put some other brains onto some
other servers which perhaps would need some other brains with some other architectures and other parameters.
All right so let's import the Cara's libraries and then we have three imports to do now which are some
tools from the Karris library.
By the way I highly recommend to check out the carrier's documentation because it is also super well-explained
and all the tools that we use here are explained clearly in the dark conditions when Google just type
Cara's than documentation.
And then you'll find everything.
All right let's do this.
The first tool that we have to import from Paris and a specific module from carers which is the layers
Mudgal well from this layer is Mudgal we are going to import two new classes.
Well again you know we're building a class but inside this class we will create some objects of other
classes and these two classes are first input and then dance.
So the input class will basically create the input layer of the neural network that is this layer here.
And the dance class will create the fully connected hidden layers which are these two ones.
The first layer composed of 64 neurons and the second and they are composed of 13 neurons and we will
also use the dance class to create the output layer because it is fully connected to the second hidden
layer as we can see here.
OK.
So that's for the first two tools.
And now we are going to import some other tools but from another module by Claris which is the noddles
module and so from this Cara's models Mudgal Well we are going to import the normal class which will
allow us to create the full model you know all assembled with the input layer the hidden layers in the
output layer and also compiled with a certain lust function and an optimizer.
But we'll talk about this later.
So basically this is the advanced structure which will allow us to get our artificial brains as some
objects and besides it will allow us to easily save the weight of the model so that we can load them
later.
For example on some other servers so I will show you how to do that of course.
And then finally we have a last tool to import and we are going to import it still from keras.
But this time from the optimizers module and so from this optimized module will import Well the optimizer
with which will compile our model.
What is an optimizer.
Well the optimizer is basically a tool in your artificial neural network that will update the weights
through to get a gradient descent to reduce the last area between the operations and the target so that
the actions of the AI become better and better.
And therefore the regulations of the service temperature by the AI becomes better and better.
And what we want to import now is called atom with a capital A again because that's a class because
indeed the way we'll get our optimizer you know when compelling Our model is by simply creating an optimizer
object from this class.
All right.
So that's it.
That's it for the libraries we have to import.
And now we ready to build this brain and you will see how efficient it will be thanks to carrots.
But I will let you find out next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.